docs: document join methods and tokens (#34960)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/introduction.mdx

  binary.
- [Backends](./backends.mdx): Configuration options and required setup steps for
  Teleport's Auth Service storage backends.

> - [Join Methods](./join-methods.mdx): A reference of Teleport Join Methods and
>   their Token resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Join Methods](./join-methods.mdx): A reference of Teleport join methods and the token resources that configure them.
```
Suggested to fix capitalization and add precision.
